15-237 Unit Project

Dhaval Shah (dhavals)
Nidhi Doshi (npdoshi)

Overview:
pictureddit is a reddit image viewer. The user can specify a subreddit from a list, and browse through images
in that subreddit. It displays the image, along with the reddit title, and the top comment. Upon hovering over
the image in focus, the user can click on the comments icon to be taken to the main reddit page. The user can
also click on the image itself, and have it show up in a larger lightbox, making it really nice to view.
Once bored, the user can click on Change Subreddit and change it to something else.

Browser support:
This definitely does not work on Internet Explorer. We are rather pleased with that.
On a more serious note, this works perfectly on Firefox, and almost perfectly on Chrome -- except that the layout
sometimes breaks down on Chrome, because of the modal plugin we are using.

Explanation of the backend:
To make the experience smooth and wait-less for the user, we have implemented preloading of images.
Our carousel has five divs with images in them, but only two are not visible -- they are the ones
where we are preloading the images.
We are using three arrays to accomplish preloading of ajax objects. Prev, current and next.
At any point in time, we at least have the current and next arrays populated. When the user runs out of
the current array, then, we transfer him over to an already available "old next, now current" array,
and start loading more images that will be in the new next array.

Front end details:
To use the carousel, you can click on the right pane to go forward and see more images,
and if you wish, click on the left pane (after having cliked on the right one for a while), and it will go
to the previous images all the way to the front.

Hovering over an image in focus will create a comment link you can click on to go and view all reddit comments.
This will open in a new tab. :)

If you cannot see an image too clearly, click on it, and it will open up in a nice lightbox, so you can view it
enhanced.

Also, if the reddit post actually does not include an image type we support (such as a link only to a web page),
then you should not be seeing these in most cases. If you do, however, you will see a cute "broke reddit" image.

